Proxygram.js 0.1.0
==================

Proxygram is an Instagram subscription proxy, created to make it simpler to process real-time geography subscriptions.

Instagram's subscription pushes only alert of the **existence** of new pictures to download. Proxygram fills in the blanks by actually **fetching** picture data and pushing it to your application. Everything is done asynchronously (thanks to node.js) and without any additional dependencies.

Proxygram can also be used to subscribe to break free from Instagram's 30 geo-subscriptions limit. All you have to do is use multiple Proxygram instances sending pictures to the same endpoint.

## Configuration

1. Register a new app at [instagram.com/developer/clients/manage](http://instagram.com/developer/clients/manage/). You can call it anything, as long as it doesn't include the word 'Instagram' (yep, I'm serious).
2. In **Website URL**, enter the URL where Proxygram is running (hint: you can run it for free on Heroku).
3. **Redirect URI** is not necessary in our case, but it's mandatory. Just repeat the website URL.

## Deployment

Proxygram is configured via environment variables.

Mandatory settings:

* `CLIENT_ID` - The client ID generated by Instagram for your app.
* `CLIENT_SECRET` - Also generated by Instagram.
* `DESTINATION_URL` - Full URL of the application endpoint that will receive pictures pushed by Proxygram.

Optional settings:

* `VERIFY_TOKEN` - A challenge string sent to Instagram to validate the identity of the app when a subscription is made. A default value is provided, but it will be overridden by this. [More information here.](http://instagram.com/developer/realtime/)

If everything went right, you'll see **up and running** when visiting the root URL on Proxygram. The configuration will also be logged for reference.

## Creating a subscription

To create a subscription, make a POST to `/subscribe` using the following JSON format:

    {
      subscription: {
        object: 'geography',
        lat: '35.657872',
        lng: '139.70232',
        radius: '5000'
      }
    }

If everything goes well, Proxygram will forward the subscription response as-is from Instagram. [The response format is described in the API documentation](http://instagram.com/developer/realtime/).

## Deleting a subscription

To delete a subscription, POST the subscription id (returned by Instagram during subscription) to `/unsubscribe`:

    {
      sub_id: '123456'
    }

## Picture push format

Once a subscription is made, Proxygram will immediately start to receive pushes and POST picture data to `DESTINATION_URL`. Each picture push has the following format:

    {
      object: 'geography',
      object_id: '123123',
      pictures: [
        {
          ... picture data ...
        },
        {
          ... picture data ...
        },
        ...
      ]
    }

Where `object_id` is the value returned by Instagram the subscription endpoint. The picture data follows the same format returned by Instagram on the `/media` API endpoint. [Docs here](http://instagram.com/developer/endpoints/media/).

## To do

* Handle all types of real-time subscriptions.
* Result pagination (not critical for geography, but important for tag and user subscriptions).
* Retries when forwarding picture data.

## Changelog

* 0.1.0 - First public version

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 by Fabio Neves

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
